W04 Assignment: Program 4.1
Write a short Java program that does the following:
1. Tells the user what the program does.
2. Prompts the user to enter a single hexadecimal digit.
3. Gets the user's input and saves it. If the value is not a valid hexadecimal digit tell the user and terminate the program.
4. Converts the hexadecimal digit into a four digit binary number. You may not use any of the conversion methods built into Java, such as toBinaryString( ), to do this.
5. Outputs the four digit binary number, including any leading zeros.
6. Outputs a goodbye message.
Here are some examples of what your program should look like when it runs (user input is in green):
   This program converts a hexadecimal digit into a four digit binary number. 
   Enter a hexadecimal number: B
 
   The binary value is 1011.
   Goodbye.



W04 Assignment: Program 4.2
Write a short Java program that does the following:
1. Tells the user what the program does.
2. Prompts the user to enter their first and last name.
3. Gets the user's input and saves it as a String.
4. Prompts the user to enter the number of hours they worked this week.
5. Gets the user's input and saves it.
6. Prompts the user to enter their hourly wage.
7. Get's the user's input and saves it.
8. Calculates the state withholding tax (9%) and the federal withholding tax (20%).
9. Calculates the gross pay and the net pay after subtracting the withholding taxes.
10. Outputs a pay statement as shown in the example below.
11. Outputs a goodbye message.
Here is an example of what your program should look like when it runs (user input is in green):
   Given your name, hours worked, and hourly wage, this program calculates your 
   gross pay, state withholding tax, federal withholding tax, and your net pay.
   It then displays your pay stub.
   Enter your first and last name: John Brown
   Enter the hours you worked this week: 10.0
   Enter your hourly wage: 9.75

   Pay Stub for John Brown
   Hours Worked: 10
   Hourly Wage: $9.75
   Gross Pay: $97.50
   State Tax Withheld: $8.78
   Federal Tax Withheld: $19.50
   Net Pay: $69.23

   Goodbye.

