W02 Assignment: Program 2.1
Write a short Java program that does the following:
1. Tells the user what the program does.
2. Prompts the user to enter a temperature in degrees Celsius.
3. Gets the user's input and saves it in a variable declared as a double.
4. Converts the Celsius temperature to a temperature in degrees Fahrenheit, using the formula tempf = (9/5) tempc+ 32
5. Outputs the Celsius temperature and the Fahrenheit temperature, with 2 digits after the decimal point.
6. Outputs a goodbye message.
Here is an example of what your program should look like when it runs (user input is in green):
   This program converts a temperature in degrees Celsius into 
   a temperature in degrees Fahrenheit. Enter a temperature in
   degrees Celsius: 43.5
 
   43.50 degrees Celsius is equal to 110.30 degrees Fahrenheit.
   Goodbye.


W02 Assignment: Program 2.2
Write a short Java program that does the following:
1. Tells the user what the program does.
2. Prompts the user to enter a value for the cost of their meal.
3. Gets the user's input and saves it in a variable declared as a double.
4. Prompts the user to enter a percentage value for the tip.
5. Gets the user's input and saves it in a variable declared as a double.
6. Calculates the value of the tip, using the percentage entered by the user.
7. Calculates the tax on the meal. The tax rate is 3.2%.
8. Calculates the total bill = meal cost + tip + tax.
9. Outputs the tip, the tax, and the total value of the bill.
      All values will be formatted to show a dollar sign and 2 digits after the decimal point.
10. Outputs a goodbye message.
Here is an example of what your program should look like when it runs (user input is in green):
    Given the price of a meal and a percentage to use for the tip, 
    this program calculates the tip, the tax, and the total amount of the bill.
    Enter the cost of the meal: 12.50
    Enter the tip percentage: 15
 
    The tip is $1.88
    The tax is $0.40
    The total bill is $14.78
    Goodbye.

